OSDOCS-5387: add kubeconfig management (#57834)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-kubeconfig-remote-con.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift/microshift_configuring/microshift-kubeconfig.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="remote-access-con_{context}"]
= Remote access kubeconfig files

When a {product-title} cluster connects to the API server from an external source, a certificate with all of the alternative names in the SAN field is used for validation. {product-title} generates a default `kubeconfig` for external access using the `hostname` value. The defaults are set in the `<node.hostnameOverride>`, `<node.nodeIP>` and `api.<dns.baseDomain>` parameter values of the default `kubeconfig` file.

The `/var/lib/microshift/resources/kubeadmin/<hostname>/kubeconfig` file uses the `hostname` of the machine, or `node.hostnameOverride` if that option is set, to reach the API server. The CA of the `kubeconfig` file is able to validate certificates when accessed externally.

.Example contents of a default `kubeconfig` file for remote access
[source, YAML]
----
clusters:
- cluster:
    certificate-authority-data: <base64 CA>
    server: https://microshift-rhel9:6443
----

[id="remote-access-customization_{context}"]
== Remote access customization

> Remote access `kubeconfig` file values can be added to the default. An additional `kubeconfig` file generates for each entry in the `apiServer.subjectAltNames` parameter. You can copy remote access `kubeconfig` files from the host during times of IP connectivity and then implement them from other workstations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple remote access `kubeconfig` file values can be created for accessing the cluster via different IPs or hostnames. An additional `kubeconfig` file generates for each entry in the `apiServer.subjectAltNames` parameter. You can copy remote access `kubeconfig` files from the host during times of IP connectivity and then use them to access the API server from other workstations.
```

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * microshift/microshift_networking/microshift-kubeconfig.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="remote-access-con_{context}"]
= Remote access kubeconfig files

> Remote access `kubeconfig` file values can be configured. {product-title} generates a default `kubeconfig` for external access using the `hostname` value. An additional `kubeconfig` file is generated for each entry in the `apiServer.subjectAltNames` fields. You can copy these files from the host during times of IP connectivity and then implement them from other workstations.

Reviewer: I was going to leave a comment here saying that we need to talk about "why" because without it this "what" information doesn't tell the user very much. The "why" comes later, so maybe this paragraph just needs to move down around what is now line 33?

When a {product-title} cluster connects to the API server from an external source, a certificate with all of the alternative names in the SAN field is used for validation.

.Example certificate for remote access
[source, terminal]
----
Certificate:
    Data:
        Version: 3 (0x2)
        Serial Number: 2 (0x2)
        Signature Algorithm: sha256WithRSAEncryption
        Issuer: CN = kube-apiserver-external-signer
        Validity
            Not Before: Mar 17 08:44:07 2023 GMT
            Not After : Mar 16 08:44:08 2024 GMT
        Subject: CN = 10.0.0.1
...
            X509v3 Subject Alternative Name:
                DNS:api.example.com, DNS:microshift-rhel9, DNS:alt-name-1, DNS:10.0.0.1, DNS:1.2.3.4, IP Address:10.0.0.1, IP Address:1.2.3.4
----

The `kubeconfig` file must include one of the server names listed in the {product-title} `config.yaml` file. It must also use the same CA for validation.

> //Q: Does this mean that remote access files are only generated if a `config.yaml' was created?

Reviewer: We always generate the default kubeconfig files. The names in the `config.yaml` can be used to generate _more_ files.

Reviewer 2: A kubeconfig using the hostname is always generated. Additional ones may be added via configuration. The one for the hostname is also editable to use the node IP instead.

Author: @pacevedom If the user edits that one, will the change be saved for the time MicroShift starts?
